Update TiDB Dashboard docs for 6.0 features (#8229)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-faq.md

   Even if the cluster has been started, still execute this command. This command does not affect the normal application in the cluster, but refreshes and reports the metrics addresses, so that the monitoring metrics can be displayed normally in TiDB Dashboard.

### An `invalid connection` error is shown in **Slow Queries** page

The possible reason is that you have enabled the `prepared-plan-cache` feature of TiDB. As an experimental feature, when enabled, `prepared-plan-cache` might not function properly in specific TiDB versions, which could cause this problem in TiDB Dashboard (and other applications). You can disable `prepared-plan-cache` by updating [TiDB Configuration file](/tidb-configuration-file.md#prepared-plan-cache) to solve this problem.

### A `required component NgMonitoring is not started` error is shown

> NgMonitoring is an advanced monitoring component built in TiDB clusters of v5.4.0 and later versions to support TiDB Dashboard features such as **Continuous Profiling** and **Top SQL**. NgMonitoring is automatically deployed when deploying or upgrading a cluster with a newer version of TiUP. For clusters deployed using TiDB Operator, you can deploy NgMonitoring manually by referring to [Enable Continuous Profiling](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/dev/access-dashboard/#enable-continuous-profiling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NgMonitoring is an advanced monitoring component built in TiDB clusters of v5.4.0 and later versions to support TiDB Dashboard features such as **Continuous Profiling** and **Top SQL**. NgMonitoring is automatically deployed when you deploy or upgrade a cluster with a newer version of TiUP. For clusters deployed using TiDB Operator, you can deploy NgMonitoring manually by referring to [Enable Continuous Profiling](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/dev/access-dashboard/#enable-continuous-profiling).
```

    tiup cluster reload ${cluster-name} --role prometheus
    ```

Please Contact PingCAP Technical Support for help if the error message is still prompted after performing steps above.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Clusters Deployed using TiDB Operator</summary>

Deploy the NgMonitoring component by following instructions in the [Enable Continuous Profiling](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/dev/access-dashboard/#enable-continuous-profiling) section in TiDB Operator documentation.

</details>

### An `unknown field` error is shown in **Slow Queries** page

> If the `unknown field` error appears on the **Slow Queries** page after the cluster upgrade, the error is related to a compatibility issue caused by the difference between TiDB Dashboard server fields (which might be updated) and user preferences fields (which are in the browser cache). This issue has been fixed. If your cluster is earlier than v5.0.3 or v4.0.14, perform the following steps to resolve the issue:
> 
> To clear your browser cache, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `unknown field` error appears on the **Slow Queries** page after the cluster upgrade, the error is related to a compatibility issue caused by the difference between TiDB Dashboard server fields (which might be updated) and user preferences fields (which are in the browser cache). This issue has been fixed. If your cluster is earlier than v5.0.3 or v4.0.14, perform the following steps to clear your browser cache:
```
